---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Some things about me
categories: [markdown]
title: AP Gov Introduction
---

# Introduction

My name is Brian Nguyen, and I am a senior at Del Norte High School. When I was in 1st grade, I began playing the cello. I performed in several recitals and entered competitions, which sparked my love for classical music. Although I no longer compete, movie scores have become one of my favorite music genres; not only do the orchestral instruments elevate my favorite scenes, but they also create a familiar sound I’ve grown to love.

I’ve been part of a swimming club since I was in 1st grade, but after joining the high school swim team in freshman year, I soon realized that I had a clear preference. High school swimming was less competitive; I felt less pressured to try to be as fast as everyone else. Also, my coach was only a few years older than me, so me and the team were able to better relate to him, which made competitions more fun. 

I enjoy watching KSI and the Sidemen. I’ve watched them since I was very young, and I’ve always found their content funny and entertaining. This Saturday, KSI will fight 2 opponents in one night for his 2nd professional bout. This is a feat that hasn’t been done since Sonny Liston, who fought in the 1950s. 

With college applications opening, my goal is to get accepted into the University of Texas at Austin next fall.  Because I am applying out of state, I know that there is a small chance that I will be admitted. However, because I have family in Austin, and I want to explore another state, I would be honored to spend the next 4 years there. 

I look forward to being your student this trimester!

Brian
